Okay.
Hey,
what's going on as bill burn?
It's time for the Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast.
And I am just checking in on you.
Oh,
sorry.
I didn't bring my fucking microphone like an asshole.
Um,
all right.
How are you doing?
I'm out in New Jersey.
A cheat to this fucking room is nasty.
You know what the first fucking thing I found here was a goddamn raising on the
floor.
Then there was some sort of stain on the God,
the fucking New Jersey man.
I swear to God.
So whether it was just,
you know what though,
they'll never be able to vacuum and scrub the fucking hair metal out of this
state.
It's just what went on out in this God damn part of the world in the 80s.
I swear to God,
fucking play like the A,
I had one of these great travel days and then it sucked.
You know,
I uh,
found a cheap ticket,
got an exit row.
There was nobody in the middle seat,
right?
The person on the aisle was courteous.
We had a fucking tailwind.
One point I was watching this,
we're going 603 miles an hour.
I'm like,
what are we on the fucking Concord ob?
Um,
it was great.
So then we land,
you know,
I'm no longer with budget rental car.
Fuck those guys.
I don't know what happened with them.
I've been meaning to like leave them for six years.
There was a,
there was something happened over the last five,
six years and I was meaning to walk out on a typical of me when I'm in a bad
relationship,
it takes a good half a decade for me to get out of it.
So,
um,
okay.
Yeah,
after that,
that last fucking conversation I had
mmm.
You know,
with them where they were like,
oh,
you didn't close your account.
And I had to get back on the phone and talk to those fucking assholes.
It's like,
just close the fucking thing so you have to be on the phone.
I go,
dude,
I don't have time for this.
He's like,
sir,
the more you talk.
And I just hung up on him.
I was just,
I could lead them to fucking leave it open.
I don't give a shit.
Why you acting like I still have the car.
Okay,
sorry.
Um,
when am I gonna like react to things in a mature way?
I just don't,
I,
every time I take the fucking bag,
I freak out.
I got into it with the Sklar brothers.
I did their fucking podcast.
Right.
And both of them,
you know,
talk in sports,
both of them agreeing with each other.
And one was in the,
it was like,
it was just like,
it was like arguing with one person in Stereo.
Okay.
And one of them,
Randy adjacent,
they never reintroduce themselves either.
They'll like fucking identical twins.
They're always changing their facial hair.
I literally,
I've called each one of them buddy for fucking 15 years.
Hey Buddy,
what's going on?
I used to know Randy because Randy had the facial hair.
So my,
my thing in my head was like rugged.
He's got the facial hair.
Then they started fucking switching off with the goatees and,
and uh,
and the fucking,
uh,
Don Mattingly baseball,
fucking,
uh,
mustaches.
I don't know who's who anymore.
Right?
So,
you know,
we're having a nice podcast.
Everything's going good and we'd brings up Tom Brady and he has to bring up
fucking deflate gate and I fucking lost it.
I fucking lost it.
I just hate the gym or say like he liked one,
he successfully ran a fucking bullshit smear campaign that will follow that guy,
an innocent man for the rest of his fucking career.
You know what he should've done?
He should've had performance enhancing drugs sent to his house and his wife
name.
Cause evidently that just fitches flies away.
That's no big deal.
Unreal on fucking real.
And then it was funny though,
they're,
they're cool though because afterwards I was so fucking annoyed by him just
seeing it that way and like blaming Tom Brady for not getting out in front of
this stupid witch hunt.
Right.
That actually called him up.
This is how much time I wasted my life being upset and caring about sports for
whatever fucking reason.
You know,
I'd call him up and I started talking to him and it finds out like he didn't
even know half the facts of the story.
So I was like,
dude,
that's like reprehensible feud be going on in their trash and this guy and you
don't even know that the fucking earth say paid for that fucking dope.
It wasn't even all of that shit.
I know this is old,
right?
But he brought it back up again,
you know,
and uh,
I got to give it up to him.
He fucking manned up and went back on his podcast and actually apologize for not
knowing a couple of those fucking things,
but I just all you fucking [inaudible] I'm telling you right now,
it's just a bunch of fucking patriots haters at this point.
If you're going to ignore fucking hearing aids in helmets,
performance enhancing drug centi white for your house,
if all of that just goes away.
But this fucking deflate fucking contact with the air out of a ball,
does it.
Then I eat.
You are,
you are in my world.
You are just,
you just don't,
you just hating on the Patriots.
All right.
Now if you give everybody shit,
okay.
And every time they bring up these other guys' names,
you go,
oh,
wait a minute.
You mean the guy who his offensive line had the hearing aids?
You mean that guy you're going to do that day?
They're not going to fucking do that.
You're not going to do it.
And it happened in Indianapolis.
It doesn't matter.
Those are simple people out there.
They put their pants on one leg at a time.
Hey Guy,
I get it.
You know,
she ain't fucking go shit back.
I'm sweating.
What's my travels going?
Great.
And um,
so I was actually upset at myself for getting that worked up about something
that I really thought I was over.
You know what I mean?
It was like seeing a chick,
he broke up with you.
It's like,
you know,
I'm finally ready to fucking move on.
And then,
you know,
you run into in a,
and she just says that one thing and you go right back to the fucking end of the
relationship,
fucking talking to yourself in the bathroom and she'd taken a shower,
you know,
just completely losing your shit.
Wow.
Kind of watching yourself going like,
dude,
she's winning.
Just shut up.
She's winning.
And you just,
but you got to get it out of you.
Um,
so anyways,
I was sitting on the plane,
right?
We get off the fucking plane and,
uh,
I drive out here to fucking Red Bank,
New Jersey,
and I show up and I got my bags and it's like seven,
I think it was seven 48 in the morning.
I took a red eye,
right?
And I come walking in and the second I saw the lady behind the desk looks at me.
I know my room's not going to be ready.
And I come walking into my,
Yay,
I've got a reservation.
And she's already shaking your head.
She's like,
we don't have it's seven 48 in the morning.
I go,
no,
no.
Uh,
but I paid for the room overnight so I can come in early.
And she says like,
yeah,
no you didn't.
Yeah,
we don't have that.
And then my blood starts going up.
So I start going like,
you mean to tell me that I have to,
and I almost fell asleep on the ride over here cause I couldn't really sleep on
a plane.
Um,
not blood starts going up and I'm sitting there going like,
are you mean to tell me I have to drive around red bank until like two,
three o'clock in the afternoon?
She's like,
I can try to expedite,
but I was able to calm myself down.
I was like,
you know what?
I already got into it with the Sklar brothers.
Why do I want to get involved with this fucking person?
This nice person here.
You know,
she,
she has nothing to do with these decisions.
I fucked up.
Somebody fucked up,
but she didn't,
right.
So I just said,
I find because you want to drop off your bags.
I say yes.
I vaguely remember driving to a diner
and getting some eggs benedict looking at this guy.
You know,
who do you ever see those guys?
They just,
I dunno,
they just have band aids all over him.
Like they had like 20 tests.
Just take the second.
I saw the guys like,
this guy is not good.
This guy's not gonna be around for a long time.
You know what I mean?
I was in like one of these Tony Soprano fucking uh,
you know,
it looked like that one.
You know,
you don't let one where uh,
Jimmy,
the gent comes walking out and he knocks on the,
the guy's falling them their window.
Let's go fuck hoes.
They keep him up all night.
It looked like one of those places and I just looked at this guy,
wow,
this guy is not going to be,
he's not gonna be around for awhile.
Um,
you know,
man,
he was like,
fuck it.
And he was eating eggs and bacon.
It's just like,
oh,
there you go.
Go out the way you want to go out.
Right.
So I get back in the car and like,
I don't know what,
what am I going to get the fuck do you do?
So I just drove back to the hotel parking lot,
reclined the seat,
crack the windows and just slept in the car.
That was funny was every 40 minutes I wake up and I'd be sweating because the
sun was coming up more and more in the car was getting hotter and hotter.
So I'd have to turn the car on,
roll the windows down a little more,
and then go back to sleep.
And uh,
I did that for about like from,
I dunno,
30 in the morning to about a quarter to 12.
I'm 25 years into my career and this,
the road is always going to be the road.
This is,
he's going to happen.
And uh,
I got to tell you though,
I feel great.
I got a fucking really good three hours,
came in,
checked in,
grabbed my bags,
hit the hotel gym,
knocking out the podcast.
Um,
anyways,
yeah,
you guys got to listen to that,
that Sklar one cause it's really good.
Those guys fucking know their shit man.
They really know their shit when it comes to a fucking,
uh,
sports and everything.
And I kept teasing them that they did not look athletic at all.
You know,
when they were like trash and Michael Jordan [inaudible] yeah.
Petty.
He's petty.
And it's just like,
you guys aren't going to be those guys.
Are you the last guy?
Perfect in gym class and then when there's somebody is great as Michael Jordan,
you,
you just can't accept that he's great.
You still have to,
who the fuck says Michael?
Jordan's petty like you hung out with them.
You Watch one speech,
he brings up the guy that he beat out in high school to introduce them.
That makes him petty.
You don't know him.
What it really is is you see yourself in that guy giving the intro to Mike,
so now you've got to look at him like he's like,
he's an asshole or something.
Give me a fucking break and then we'll do like story about you guys.
You gave the baby a lot.
Really have you hung out with them then shut up and also all of them,
they've,
Jordan never walked into this studio.
They would never call him petty.
Their voices would go up nine octaves.
They'd ask him to sign this funny at fucking forehead,
draw the Air Jordan thing right on there.
They'd go down to a tattoo parlor and Abbott tattooed so,
Eh,
enough already.
Um,
so anyway,
sorry,
I'm,
I'm literally going to get worked up about that thing.
Oh,
so anyways,
it bugged and bugged him.
A one of them,
I don't know what you propose.
Randy adjacent.
Okay.
Alright.
It bugged one of them that I was saying they weren't athletic so he sends me a
video of him and his culdesac shooting a basketball in slow motion from really
far away and it goes in and that was some sort of demonstration that he was
athletic.
I still have been trashed him for it yet.
It's just like,
dude,
there was nobody gardening.
It wasn't a game.
You know,
he's like,
that was the second attempt.
I ate those stupid fucking videos.
There was one the other night where a guy's in the helicopters in the Robinson
44 and he throws a fucking basketball out and it goes through the hoop.
It's like if you,
if he could do it consistently,
if he did it on the first try.
Yeah.
That's impressive.
That poor guy flying the helicopter,
you probably to keep landing cause they kept collecting the basketballs and they
fucking go back up.
Then it finally goes through.
Yeah.
You know you do it enough times.
It's going to go in.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
so I'm going to try to eat like an angel.
I've been doing really good.
I bowl Billy knows booze bag.
You know when I went out Tuesday night cause it was Joe to rose his birthday and
I'll tell you right now at my liver is so happy.
Joe's only turn 40 once.
Oh Oh,
let me tell you.
Yeah,
I was so hung over the next day I woke up like laughing.
It was like,
it was,
it was so pathetic.
I felt so bad.
It wasn't,
it wasn't even like,
it would be redundant to actually feel bad at that point.
And,
uh,
I actually got up,
forced down half a glass of water and I went out and I worked out,
hung over as shit,
you know,
stretching out the hammies my big dumb fucking head down towards my ankles,
stretching out my hammies and my head was just going,
guys,
you know,
but I gotta tell you that's where being German Irish comes in,
cause you will plow fucking through anything.
You know what I mean?
Is that was,
that was Versie
yeah.
With this Mediterranean blood,
no one had to live life and you know,
smell the roses.
[inaudible] he would've called in sick to work.
If he got up a second before 2:00 AM,
I'm telling you,
Paul Versey,
he would've been moaning.
You know what I mean?
Like he just shattered his leg.
Um,
oh did,
we had a great time.
We had a great time.
We went to two.
We went to this old school and the oldest restaurants in,
um,
in a Hollywood on Hollywood boulevard.
Got It.
I got a great steak,
uh,
split it with Nia and Joe got this fucking prime rib on that.
I'm telling you,
dude was like,
I know that people always say the Flintstones.
It was fucking gigantic.
And I looked at it and he goes,
dude,
you got to try man.
This is amazing.
I was like,
wow.
And I looked down and I swear to God,
it felt like six minutes later and I looked up and he was like down to the last
two bites.
I mean,
did they take the kids and animal 40 years old either?
There's no slowing them down.
And then we ended up at the American Legion and um,
yeah.
Yeah.
And I don't remember much after that.
I remember I,
I got him a cake,
you know,
that said a bunch of horrible things about him on it.
And next thing I was sitting in something that sort of resembled a tree Ford or
like a band stand kind of thing outside in the parking lot with like nine other
people that I don't even know where they came from.
And we were all smoking cigars.
And then I did the Irish goodbye.
Um,
somebody called me an Uber and that was it.
But you know what?
I'm right back on it though.
You know,
every once in awhile,
you know what,
you don't,
you gotta,
you gotta fucking slappy liberal wrap.
Let it know who's boss.
Okay.
Then other than that,
you know,
you take,
you take care of it.
You know,
I have an abusive relationship with my,
with my liver,
but,
uh,
anyways,
I'm out here,
uh,
doing red bank count Basie,
theater,
theater.
Uh,
let me know some good spots to eat out here.
If you guys know,
um,
I've never stayed out here,
but I'm excited to be out here,
not have to deal with the fucking traffic coming out of Manhattan and um,
I can't wait to do these fucking shows because once these things is a great
theater and,
uh,
I'm really loving where my act is at.
And then on Sunday night,
all things comedy network is producing its first standup special with Paul
Versie.
Bernese.
Yeah,
yeah.
Again,
at the Tarrytown theater and beautiful Tarrytown,
New York City.
I mean,
Tarrytown,
New York,
Not New York City,
upstate New York or I don't know,
they get all upset if you say upstate upstate to them is Poughkeepsie.
Um,
the Westchester area,
whatever the fuck it is,
um,
it's right on the water.
Um,
if you guys had never been to that part of the country,
I mean it really is.
It's fucking gorgeous.
Like sleepy hollow is up there.
You got the Hudson River.
I mean,
it's like,
um,
you know what it's like,
it's,
it's like how mount most non white people think white people live valley think
all white people live.
Um,
it is really,
really,
really quaint.
I mean,
it's just like,
I mean there's just see like where's the pumpkin patch?
It's like,
Shit like that,
you know,
homemade ice cream,
this,
everything.
But those,
what does those fucking creepy things that girls used to hold and they would
skip around a little girls in the playground.
Yeah,
we go round the fucking thing.
The fuck they went there.
Was it called the Mayberry,
but not the Mayberry Bush.
Okay.
Yeah.
No,
they just,
you know,
that's back when they didn't let women do anything.
So like that was their idea of playing.
You just grab on this string and you guys skip around,
you know?
Meanwhile,
we're fucking guys are playing sports trying to figure out each other's
weaknesses.
I guess women were doing that,
but on a different level.
Right?
I bet she doesn't like her nose.
I'm going to say something about that.
Um,
I'm sorry.
I'm still,
uh,
I'm still fucking shit.
What do you want from me?
I slept in a fuck.
I didn't know what I,
by the way,
I don't even know what the fuck I slept in.
He's got Damn Carson and they all look the same and then I don't,
their logos are so fucking like
jazzy.
I can,
you know the Honda.
You should just be a fucking age.
Yeah.
Know,
isn't it?
So still the fucking shit that I get upset about it.
It's just so stupid.
Really.
Billion.
Well,
why don't you just fucking go on the Internet and look them up?
What are they supposed to have the same logo for the rest of your life?
All right.
Fair enough.
Hey,
fair enough.
Fair enough.
They go,
freckles needs fucking meditate here.
Um,
anyways,
how about those fiber,
those red socks?
Huh?
Just tearing through the bottom part of the fucking league.
The real test comes this weekend when they play the ag you Bible,
we were with you should be again.
Now it isn't.
It all ended in 2004,
but it's still fun,
right?
The baby bombers first to fucking $200 million Red Sox,
all that dealer that,
you know what?
I Bet America would be rooted for the Yankees.
You know,
they created all of this shit.
you know what the Yankees are?
They like these fucking,
the bad influence.
Older brother,
you know who did well and like,
you know,
uh,
preschool,
elementary,
right through middle school and then somewhere in high school.
Just start,
just went off the fucking rails
and then the red socks.
I like the next brother who had the fucking try to outdo them.
That's what we're doing.
We went right over the cliff.
Now spending 200 fucking million dollars,
200 million goddamn dollars,
the middle child,
the fucking middle child.
Um,
but anyways,
we,
we went nine and one in the last 10 games were up for games on the Yankees over
there.
Thank you to the Tampa Bay devil rays.
I'm still calling you the devil race instead of the race.
Ray's Pizza,
Ray Romano,
the ball.
Come on,
right?
What are you,
you're the devil race.
Um,
that's gotta be one of the don't like,
that's one of another thing goes back to that Colin Kaepernick thing.
Like it's a fucking,
it's just gets a corporation is everybody tries to put race on it.
At the end of the day,
it's a fucking corporation and that's what it is.
All you have to do is look at the Tampa Bay devil rays.
There was probably nine Jesus freaks that weren't going to buy a fucking devil
rays tee shirt and God forbid they lose that fucking hundred and 60 bucks or
whatever,
whatever.
180 bucks.
Say That 20 bucks a whack.
Right?
God forbid that that goes out the door.
They take the fuck they took the devil right off it.
We're losing our a Jesus Freak,
a fan base.
You know,
and I think that's what the NFL is doing with Colin Kaepernick.
God forbid they lose the racist dollar.
That's what it is.
They are catering to the racist by not putting this guy on cause they don't want
to lose cause a racist dollars are also great and that's all they give a shit
about,
right?
They don't give a fuck.
Look at the fucking Goddamn Tigers.
They gonna fingerprint their own fucking fat.
What do you think those tigers front office is going to do with that
information?
Where do you think they're going to sell that?
Do you know what?
This is the thing,
most people,
I swear to God,
I hate to be this cynical,
but they just just fucking go into life and they're looking for like someone
else to fill the role of their parents.
And that's why the micro chipping the fingerprints,
all of that will be inevitable because there's so many people who should be
walking around wearing a fucking diaper.
I hate to say,
but they do,
you know,
oh,
he's crying.
Life fucked me over there.
You know what?
I'm going to start selling.
I'm going to start selling adult size rattles
as I sit here and whining and crying about sports.
I got a lot of fucking nerve.
You know,
that's one of the great things about me.
I'm just,
I'm a God damn hypocrite.
Hey,
guess what?
I got to,
I got a,
uh,
I've got a Gopro for my birthday last year and I finally,
um,
head Andrew come over and show me how to fucking get the thing going.
I just saw the wires in the small printing.
I just like,
I'm never going to figure that out.
I can't get it out of the case.
I actually got this thing to film when I was flying,
uh,
you know,
the helicopter and uh,
I got all the shit that I needed and I just,
I don't know.
Oh,
I know.
I fucked up my back last year so I couldn't fly because my feet were going numb
there.
Yeah.
MMM.
So anyways,
I let him,
let me read a little bit of advertising.
Can we try to gracefully get out of this?
Um,
I feel bad about that Sklar podcast cause I think they thought I really got
upset.
It's just,
I don't think they know me well enough to be like,
no,
that's just kinda how the fuck I get when I talk about sports to somebody's
bugging me in two seconds later.
It,
yeah,
you know,
it,
it's,
it's gone.
You know,
it will come back,
but I mean it's gone.
It's over.
All right,
Luke,
Craig,
everybody.
Give me the Lou,
be the envy of your friends and get your 100% exclusive crates at [inaudible]
dot com slash burr and enter my code bar to save $3 off any new subscription
August loot crate theme his kingdom.
Um,
if you're more of a fanatical Fashionista,
then try loot where monthly wearables and accessories with coke classics and
your favorite franchises.
I,
this might as well be in a different fucking language.
I have no idea what this stuff is.
Is this just a bunch of shits so you can dress up like the people on,
on the shows you like that I've never heard of.
If you want to get fancy,
get a bigger box with an even bigger Luke Luke with loot crate d x.
Want to geek out your pet.
Try loop pets.
No.
Jesus offer expires August 19th at 9:00 PM Pacific in August.
Luke crate,
you'll find items from the legends of Zelda
who's at some old queen adventure to adventure time and Lord of the rings.
Oh my God,
I don't think you could fucking have a world further from what I'm in right
there.
I went to one of those,
Lord of the rings.
I swear to God,
I thought it,
I thought the movie was over like 19 times.
It kept fading down.
I'm like,
oh,
thank God he's accredited,
had fade back up again.
You looking over another valley,
uh,
one lucky subscriber will also when a mega crane or seriously epic of seriously
epic proportions.
Yeah.
Do you have until the 19th at 9:00 PM Pacific time to subscribe and receive that
month's crate.
And when the cutoff happens,
that's it.
It's over.
You can no longer get your robe and your crown and prance around like the Lord
of the ring.
Uh,
go to loot
crate.com/burr and enter my code burger to save $3 off on any new subscription
today.
All right?
How many of these fucking things we got?
Hmm.
Mega Craig.
There must be a mega church.
Come on down to a mega church.
I was listening to Joel Olsteen on the way over here,
you know,
and he's like the Pied Piper of fucking losers.
He's always talking about people losing in life.
You know what I mean?
It's like,
don't do any winners.
Go to your church.
He's always like,
I know you fucking,
I know.
Uh,
I know your plumbing doesn't work.
I know this does he?
You know,
but God wants you.
God wants you to have work and water.
Blink,
blink,
blink.
All right,
lift everybody.
Lyft knows that their drivers are what keeps them moving.
Well,
Jesus,
and why aren't they had a meeting to figure that out.
So they do everything they can to make sure that drivers are happy on every
trip.
Lyft was the first to order in APP tipping.
When you drive for lip,
you keep 100% of the tips.
Drivers had been paid over $200 million in tips since the feature was
introduced.
That's really great though.
You know,
that's like that Guy Papa John's pizza.
I was watching that.
Jaylin Jaylin dot.
Jay's garage.
And that guy,
uh,
the guy who does the Papa John's pizzas,
you know,
he had to sell his car to keep his dad's Bargo and he was making the pizza in
the back end in 1971 like core Camaro z 28 gold with the black stripes.
And he fucked 20 years,
was looking for the car track down the exact fucking car.
But he's talking about like 30% of the profits he brings.
He puts back into the business as far as like,
you know,
given bonuses to all of us employees.
I don't know why more corporations don't do that.
You know,
why don't you do that then people are happy to work for you.
And then when I walk into buy,
order a pizza,
I don't get some grumpy ass holes getting fucked over
who?
No,
I dunno.
Why the same reason why they won't send Colin Kaepernick.
Uh,
express page lets drivers get paid almost instantly instead of waiting for
weeks.
Lyft has even taken the guesswork out of pickups.
The new amp device uses color coding to help passengers find their drivers.
You can earn hundreds of dollars a week plus tips.
What are earning more money?
Drive more.
It's never been easier to give yourself a raise.
It's a simple formula.
Happy drivers mean happy passages.
Maybe that's why nine out of 10 Lyft rides get a perfect five star rating.
So join the ride sharing company that believes in treating its people better.
Go to
lift.com/bird today and get a $500 in new driver bonus.
That's lyft.com/burr lyft.com/bar limited time only terms apply.
You know what?
I swear to God,
if I wasn't so busy,
I would actually do that just for the fun.
I mean I when was coming up as a comedian,
there's no fucking way I wouldn't have done that.
I absolutely would have done that during the fucking day.
I do it now.
I do it at night.
We funny to fucking pick up drunk people and shit.
You know,
I mean,
until they puke in the back seat of your car.
Uh,
I don't know.
I would actually get into that job.
Play some good tunes,
you know.
Nice smelling car.
Alright.
Pick up some fucking assholes.
Drive morale.
Ego next to you.
Fucking drunk.
All right.
Listen to somebody's bitching about their wife.
Gets to be like a psychologist.
It's like a fucking bartender driving around.
Right?
All right.
The Black Tux,
everybody.
You know,
there's only so many opportunities in life to wear a Tuxedo.
So when your big day or special event rolls around this summer,
just look,
just look just as great as your feel with suits from the black tux.com with high
quality rental suits and Tuxedos delivered to your doorstep.
I shout when they capitalize the Black Tux,
the black Tux gives you a new way to rent.
Yeah.
Plus with their friends home.
Try on,
you can say the fit and fail the quality of your suit months before your event.
And the best part is it's completely done online.
Yeah.
Do the way this is written.
You could get the average NFL defensive linemen to jump off site.
You know
chick do
[inaudible] plus with their prior,
oh right there.
They'll cross the black tux.
The Black tux.com lets you create your look or choose from tons of stylistics
selected outfit suits like these,
usually retail for $1,200 really?
But at the the Black Tux they started just 95 bucks.
Okay.
You're telling me you can do some that looks like 20 1200 foot 90 in stocks at
yeah.
All right.
If you have any questions or issues,
their expert customer care team has your back every step of the way.
After ordering your suit will arrive 14 days before your event.
If anything is less than perfect,
the black Tux will send you a free replacement right away.
When your event's over,
just drop the rental back in the mail.
Shipping is free both ways.
How easy is that stand out at your event for the right reason with the black Tux
call to action to get $20 off your purchase,
visit the black tux.com/ [inaudible] that's the black tux.com/ [inaudible] for
$20 off your purchase.
And lastly,
but not leastly.
Oh,
I love these guys.
They always give me nice succinct copy to Ali Shave Club.
Dude.
Dollar Shave Club is this smarter choice.
Yeah,
you'll get a great shave at a great price,
conveniently delivered right to your door.
You no longer have to Schlep to this.
Still A to buy a cheap disposable razor that gives you a cheap shape or spend a
fortune on raises with gimmicky shaving technology,
you know,
fucking need.
And when you use dollar Shave Club's executive razor with the doctor,
the blade gently glides giving you a smooth shave.
Dr Carver's shave butter is transgendered transparent.
For a more precise shave helps prevent ingrown hairs and fights.
Razor bumps make the smarter choice by joining Dollar Shave Club for a limited
time.
New members can get their first month of the executive razor with a tube of the
Dr Carver's.
Easy shave for only $5 with free shipping.
After that,
razors are just a few bucks a month.
That's a $15 value for only $5.
There are no hidden fees and no commitments.
Cancel anytime you fucking want.
Uh,
af,
fuck what's going on my foot,
I got a cramp in my foot at Jesus fucking Christ.
All right?
It's gone away.
It's part of being an old right there.
You know,
by the way,
anytime you get a cramping,
like if you ever bring your toes back towards you,
you know,
you stretch in the morning,
you start pointing your toes,
your face,
you've legs cramp up immediately.
Just point your toes the other way.
It goes right away.
All right?
So you don't have to sit there going,
ah,
fuck,
fuck.
You know,
he kids down the hall thinking you died.
Uh,
there's no hidden fees and no commitments.
Cancel anytime you like,
you can only get this offer exclusively@dollarshaveclub.com slash bar.
That's dollar shave club.com/bar.
Now,
from what I've been told,
the reason why that is getting back to the,
uh,
the cramping in your legs.
All right?
If you go the other way is,
is it's sorta like a ying and a Yang,
you know what I mean?
The muscles on the front of your body versus the back of your body.
Like I,
my shoulders got fucked up cause I was doing pushups.
I was doing curls out too and all that,
but I wasn't doing enough back exercises so my shoulders started rolling
forward.
All right,
there's a balance.
So whatever the fuck you do,
I don't know medically what happens,
but if you do the exact opposite motion,
when you get that cramp,
it fucking whatever's tightening up,
then release this.
Now you go.
And you know what,
after I tried to explain it,
you're no closer to understanding it.
Okay?
I'm all,
by the way,
I did the gym Jeffrey show this week.
Uh,
I'll,
I'll tweet out a link for that.
Um,
I had a great time on that.
What a great interview.
Or He is,
you know,
I didn't know how that was going to go to fucking Comedians,
was shit that they want to say.
I was,
uh,
I felt like I do when I'm on Conan,
we're Conan is like an old school Johnny Carson guy where it's like if you're
killing,
he lets you go.
He laughs at your jokes.
He makes you look great.
If you start struggling,
he comes to the rescue,
right.
And um,
Jim Jefferies was the exact same way old school fucking guy,
so a highly recommend watching that show.
Um,
so he was killing,
he was killing so hard,
like even just doing like some stuff where he was just doing like,
hey,
Seattle watched the show,
blah,
whatever you call those things.
He was killing so hard when he was just messing those up.
Like just constantly was killing that.
I was standing backstage like laughing,
thinking like,
this guy doesn't need me.
He really doesn't need me as a,
I appreciate them having me young,
but he really could have just done this by himself.
He really is.
Um,
you know,
when you go see Jim Jeffries,
I mean,
I'm,
I'm not,
I don't think I'm bullshitting when I would say that guy's probably cause
everybody's top five,
top three,
you know,
that's always arguable.
You know,
you can argue,
you,
whoever you think is the best.
He's without a doubt.
I would say top three in the fucking world.
He's like one of the best comedians in the fucking world.
It's,
that's the real deal.
So a check out his show,
please come out.
There's still a few tickets left for a Paul versus a special and
Jera Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh.
Above than 33 minutes.
Okay.
Please enjoy this music here.
Um,
I'm going to try out my GoPro.
I'm very excited to try this thing out to see what comes about this.
And um,
I've been threatening to do a show of me driving around,
freaking out.
I don't even know if I need to put that out there any more of me fucking
I do it enough on podcasts and shit,
but uh,
we'll see.
We'll see where it goes.
So enjoy this music as we transition into a a Thursday afternoon podcast from a
Thursday from,
I dunno,
when a joy and uh,
hey,
shout out to Darren King and,
and the unbelievable drumming that he did when he was with mute math and good
luck to him and all of his future projects and good luck to mute math,
um,
on their upcoming tour.
Um,
I forget the drum is named Dave Hutchinson or something like that.
They got to replace Darren King.
Uh,
umass new album is coming out in September.
I've already preordered it,
very excited,
very excited to see them on this tour and very excited to see what Darren's
going to be doing,
um,
with whatever his next project is.
A,
that's it.
Okay.
Thank you guys for listening.
Have a great weekend.
You can send,
I'll uh,
I'll talk to you on Monday.
[inaudible]
I don't know
all over the map politically.
That's why like,
you know,
certain ways of looking at shit,
like when
people talk about guns,
let's just make them all,
let's just make them illegal and then no,
we all have them.
You know,
like that sort of like thought process is your,
you're acting as though the world is a utopia and that there's not morons and
that there's not,
uh,
people who say,
I don't give a fuck what the rules are.
You're totally not even taking into consideration sociopath's which is why that
new fucking thing that Obama signed,
that whole defense package where now they can just arrest people without a trial
j and put you in jail forever with,
without a trial because they just think you're a fucking terrorist.
Dki can't give people that level of power.
I'm a fucking moron and I know you can't do that.
Historically,
no one has ever handled that level of power.
Well,
anybody here want to go live in China?
Now we,
you're out there practicing your nunchucks wearing your wooden slippers and all
of a sudden the van pulls up and you disappear and that set forever.
You want to live there.
Of course you don't.
You want to live here where they can't fucking do it while they can do it now
you know?
They just put in a fucking order for a bunch of black fans.
That's what I heard.
Gordon,
the Holy shit.com that's what's going down.
I don't understand why stuff at that level that affects citizens to that level.
Why we don't get to vote on it.
Do you think it's because we'd say,
Hey,
you know what?
Fuck that.
Do you want to stand like that is just a jump off point.
Do you think like that's just how it's going to stall as well.
You're not a terrorist in there.
You're gonna fucking problem.
You think it's just going to stop with that.
That's not how you take away freedom.
You don't just fucking do it all in one fail swoop.
It's incremental.
It's just like when you're dating some fucking woman eating,
not paying attention and she just gradually,
every day it takes another foot of real estate.
Next thing you know you're in goal line d going,
how the fuck did I end up in this situation?
We started at the 50 little push,
a little poll,
right?
Everything was fine.
[inaudible] you're up against the goals that you think that they're just going
to keep it with the terrorist thing,
you know?
You know they'll wait for a whole nother generation of babies to be born and
they always grew up with government having that level of power and then they add
something else to it than they had something else.
Then that's it.
You can't have it.
Okay.
If Tiger Woods can't handle the level of free pussy on a golf tour,
how the fuck is our government going to handle a new defense package?
Which basically gave them a mute button.
When you love the,
ha ha ha.
How would you handle that if you had that power,
do you,
how long before you just started abusing that?
If you could just hit mute on anybody who ever disagreed with you and then just
you could have them whisked away.
I mean that is a sociopath's wet dream.
That's what that is.
That is a fucking mute button,
ms Ms.
Dot.
And don't you think that's it?
He hit mute.
You're done.
You're gone.
See Ya.
Yeah,
I think,
I think it's fucking insane.
And I'm,
the only thing that I get out of it is that I feel like I was proven correct
that I don't think it matters at that level.
Whether you vote Democrat or Republican Obama,
the first black president ever,
you would think this would be the most liberal a politician in the history of
this country
because of his background.
You would think that he signed off on that shit.
Okay.
All right.
I'm telling you,
I don't know what happens when you become president,
but I think they let you peek just enough behind the curtain and you there,
there was a fucking agenda that we are moving towards because it does,
I don't think of fucking matters.
I really don't,
which is why I always vote for the Ralph Nater,
the fucking Ron Paul,
all those guys that all those fucking idiots go to.
Cause you did that.
You've ruined the election.
Really?
Did I,
I feel like those guys wouldn't have signed shit like that.
I feel like their track record shows that they would not sign shit like that.
Um,
I,
I don't know.
I have no,
I imagine I'm going to get a ton of fucking emails I'm on with.
Somebody was yelling at me one time saying that because I voted for Ralph Nader
in 2000.
That's why George W.
Bush one.
And they were just going on and on and on about it.
And I was like,
dude,
I live in New York.
Al Gore won my state.
Okay.
Do you have a stand that,
so your whole fucking theory right now is out the window.
I voted for Ralph Nader in New York and Al Gore still won the state.
So go fuck yourself.
What I'm trying to do,
uh,
um,
Mister fucking red and blue tie here.
I'm trying to fucking encourage more people like that to vote.
So mission accomplished.
That's what I'm trying to fuck and have to vote to run,
you know,
uncorruptible how far can you get if you're uncorruptible I would say that you
can get to the,
uh,
whatever level politics is when you decide whether or not they should put a
gazebo in the center of town.
I think beat once you get beyond that,
you got it.
You gotta be a little dirty.
Right.
I love talking about this shit cause it just stirs people up,
you know?
Um,
you know,
maybe you should all read a little more before the next time you fucking own.
Really.
What are you reading?
What they give you?
Is that what you're reading?
Fuck head.
Why you acting like you have clearance to the bottom of the floors of the
fucking Pentagon,
you're guessing?
Just like I am.
All right,
Mr.
Informed.
I read the pamphlet.
I don't buy a fucking word of it.
You know,
you can use coca cola to take rust off of metal.
You can use it for that.
You know,
you understand that yet they're still able to sell it to us.
Like it's refreshing.
I Dunno what that point meant either.
Wow.
[inaudible] [inaudible]
hey,
what's going on?
It's built bar and this is the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
August the 10th 2009 that I'm actually doing on Tuesday,
August the 11th because a DHS wasn't enough hours in the day.
Oh my God,
I got fell swamps.
No,
I did.
I don't know what happened.
Um,
I know what happened.
I had a big audition for something and uh,
I had to just keep doing the audition over and over again.
And when I wasn't doing that,
I was curled up in the fetal position.
Go on,
please bill,
don't fuck this up.
This is a big opportunity.
Unfortunately,
I did not,
whether they pick me a knot is out of my hands,
but,
um,
and then I just said a bunch of other shit.
Why does it sound like it's echoing in here?
I Dunno.
I'm trying a new recording level,
uh,
this week,
by the way,
people,
I don't know if the quality's going to suffer,
but,
um,
I had a number of people and by a number,
I mean like six,
um,
which I think is about one third of my listeners.
So it was big to me.
Uh,
we're saying that a,
I needed to get more bandwidth or I needed to do something.
Basically,
they couldn't download my,
uh,
my podcast off of iTunes or whatever,
and somebody finally called it to my attention that I was recording at music
level quality.
So my files were huge.
And considering that I wasn't recording musical instruments,
that I could actually recorded a lower and they would be smaller files,
thus easier to download.
So I said,
I know what I'm gonna do.
I'm going to fucking go find the owner's manual and I'm going to figure out how
to do that.
And,
uh,
even though I have a little file,
a little little fucking,
a big piece of Tupperware,
whatever the fuck you call a big plastic bin that's going to be here 9,000 years
from now,
um,
I have all my owner's manuals for everything I ever bought except for my Olympus
Ellis 10.
I don't know where the fuck it is.
So I just went into menu and I put it on MP3 and I'm recording at 128 Gaf
fucking killer.
What's a,
what's a white's?
Whatever the fuck you call them.
I don't know what the,
I don't know what it is.
So I'm going to try it this week.
So you guys give me a feedback,
let me know how the quality sounds.
Was it easier to download?
Was it harder to download?
Was it the same?
Was it just a feudal fucking attempt?
Um,
anyways,
I almost did a bad bit.
Right?
They're like,
why is it that you can find everything?
[inaudible] you look good.
Um,
all right,
I got a lot of stories for you.
Why this week?
Let's start off with,
I had a,
uh,
you know,
I had a nice disagreement this morning was somebody in particular and um,
I realized in that fight that the secret to success is,
uh,
basically,
I mean,
I'm sure somebody's already written a book about this,
but I don't read.
So I'm feeling like I'm breaking new ground here.
The secret to success in life is the word yes and the word no.
That is it.
If you want to be a happy person,
if somebody says,
do you want to do this shit and you want to do it?
Say Yes,
yes,
I do.
And then if they're like,
but do you want to do this shit?
And you don't say no.
I don't know.
I know that sounds simple,
but it's afterwards.
That is the hard part and I feel as the reason why so many people say yes when
they mean no and vice versa is because basically the fucking reaction of the
other person,
you have to just completely block out their reaction.
You know?
Do you want to do this?
No,
I don't.
Usually when you say no negative,
don't want to do it,
the other person is just like,
like,
why?
Why don't you want to do it?
I thought it'd be fun.
I thought we could do it together.
I thought it would be a choice.
Trouble.
Why don't you want to do it?
Because you asked me and the first fucking thing in me,
wherever that voices him,
he said,
no,
I don't want to do it.
So then I said no,
right.
I heard what you said and I am going to fucking speak it out loud.
So this other person,
because they can't hear my inner voice.
No.
The answer is no.
And then they always go,
you're ridiculous.
You just,
you just being a jerk.
You're being crazy.
Really?
Is that what my inner voice is a jerk?
You know,
how many French I want to ask you guys,
how many friendships in your life do you have right now where,
uh,
you can actually say,
no,
I don't want to do that shit.
And the other person's cool with it.
You know,
people will give you a little bit of grief,
but you've got gotta be careful because a lot of times there's a lot of cops out
there and uh,
how they deem somebody,
a friend is basically that they do everything that they want them to do,
you know?
And then the second you start going,
hey,
you know,
I really don't feel like doing that stuff,
dude,
you changed what the fucks with you.
God,
go fuck yourself.
You're a cunt.
All right.
What do you,
what do you think you're perfect and you always have the best idea.
Go Fuck Yourself.
I don't want to do what you want to do right now.
You know,
I just got a big God damn argument because uh,
I want the foot to find out what the fuck was about as far as I was trying to
tell me.
I never want to fucking do anything.
Let me not want to do anything.
I want to do my Monday morning podcast.
You saying that's nothing.
Okay.
Cause if you are,
I'll tell you I got 18 listeners.
You have to,
you have to fucking talk to buddy.
What else?
That's all I'm saying.
All right.
Somebody asked you if you want to do something,
if you want to do it,
say yes.
If you don't want to do is say no.
Okay and fuck their reaction unless they can kick the shit out of you.
At which point you say,
yeah,
I'd love to.
And then you sort of mutter to yourself the rest of the evening,
and then what you do is on the side,
you start taking some martial art classes,
either that or you call a moving company that can pack up all your shit and move
it to another state while other person who can kick the shit out of you as it
work.
That's how you do it.
Okay?
There's nothing wrong.
I think the word coward is overused.
Um,
you know,
and I think it's used by the person who wanted to kick the shit out of you,
but you were smart enough not to be in the vicinity of them to let them,
you're not,
you know,
how are you?
Work hard.
You don't let me fucking smash your face into your fucking ear.
You Coward.
Well,
you know,
Dude,
uh,
I listened to my inner voice,
man.
Her voice did not want my nose over by my ears,
so I decided to avoid it.
Yes.
You know,
you are stronger than me.
You can kick the shit out of me.
Okay?
But you know,
that doesn't mean I'm,
I'm not better at checkers.
You know,
this is something that is a subject.
You can pick that I'm better at the Eh,
at it than you,
but it may maybe fighting's not one of them.
What does it,
oh,
that's what it always comes down to with guys.
You know,
in the end I can beat the fuck out of you.
So therefore I'm right.
You know.
Oh Jesus,
I'm getting deep here.
Isn't that how the world works?
Huh?
Might is right.
Isn't that what,
Oh,
isn't that how everybody's foreign policy works?
You fucking seeing other country and they have some shit that you want.
So what do you do?
Do you say,
hey,
how's it going?
How are you maybe do that beginning just so that you can get within fucking
striking distance and then you grab them by the front of their button down,
you know,
and you sort of lift them up off the ground.
So part of their shirt is obscuring their view.
So they don't see the overhand right coming.
Isn't that what we do?
Isn't it?
I don't fucking know.
You know,
I was watching how the Bill Maher show the other day and he was,
uh,
yesterday actually.
And,
um,
at the end of the show he was giving out these statistics and he was saying
stuff like,
uh,
he's basically talking about how fucking stupid Americans are,
which I'm really getting tired of that,
you know,
I'm not saying we're not fucking stupid,
I'm just like,
as compared to who,
you know,
I've,
I haven't traveled to a lot of places,
but I've been to some places that were not flying the American flag and there's
just as many fucking morons,
you know,
if everybody is smart,
then there's no smart guys.
You're just regular,
you know what I mean?
Jesus.
Wow.
Bill,
that was fucking deep.
Fuck you.
Fuck you want for me?
I'm just saying,
you know what I mean?
So anyway,
so he's doing this poll,
actually,
I actually really like your show.
One of the things I love about Bill Maher is,
uh,
he's not really likable and he doesn't seem to give a fuck.
And,
you know,
I mean,
yeah,
does that the kind of person you want to have over for dinner?
Probably not,
but,
uh,
that's a good recipe for getting a lot of pussy in life.
Um,
well we'll discuss that later.
plowing ahead here.
So he starts doing all these polls and he's sitting there going,
you know,
18% only 18% of Americans could name a new,
Oh knew that there was two senators for every state and a only 11% could name
who there,
you know,
so immediately that's supposed to make it seem like everybody's dumb.
And my first thought was,
okay,
18%
can know that you get two senators per state,
but I bet you know,
a good 28% could explain the cover two defense.
You know,
it just depends on what the fuck you're into.
I like when people are really into something and you're not into it and then
they consider you stupid.
I mean,
granted,
we are talking about the people who determine how,
uh,
we live our lives.
Actually they don't.
That's the illusion.
You know,
it's the fucking bankers.
Okay.
They run everything,
man.
I'm telling you,
I'm not gonna do that again this weekend.
Embarrass myself with my incredible lack of knowledge,
but,
you know,
whatever.
I just don't think people are as fucking dumb as they're lazy,
you know?
But the way they,
they really just depict people out there,
like people are just walking around with their fucking mouth is hanging open,
not realizing that they're drooling.
All of the,
all over the front of that Kenny Chesney shirt.
And I,
you know,
Kenny Chesney is,
I mean,
I know he's a country singer.
Was that the one who was married to that chick who's face squints up whenever
she smiles.
Yeah.
And they were married for like three days ball.
Dude.
Is that a little fuck?
It is.
Huh?
I don't know.
I can't stand country music.
It's just depressing.
It's depressing and it's Geeky
and everybody sings like they,
they're in puberty.
There you go.
That was nice generalizations,
Huh?
Oh Woo.
That shit.
I can't fuck it.
Stay on that.
And,
um,
I don't like rednecks blind pride in being an American,
you know,
cause it always involves sticking a boot up somebody's ass or whatever the fuck.
It's just like,
why can't you be here and just be happy,
you know,
and watch to a fucking farming equipments.
Try to pull in opposite directions as you fucking rear your head back and
fucking scream at the moon.
There's nothing wrong with that.
There's fucking nothing wrong with that.
Why do you gotta be so Goddamn and why you gotta be like me and be angry?
Huh?
You Straw.
I had cut.
All right.
Uh,
moving on.
Um,
so my dog,
uh,
is,
she's in heat right now cause she hasn't been fixed.
And uh,
yeah,
it looks like a fucking crime scene around here because she's a female and I'm
going to leave it at that.
And uh,
she scheduled to be mutilated later on this month.
That's really what it is.
Mutilated.
I'm gonna have my dog mutilated.
I'm against it,
but I got tired of arguing about it and uh,
you know,
I don't,
I don't understand why you have to have your dog.
I just don't fucking get it.
You know,
I get it.
But you know,
if everybody did what Bob Barker said,
there'd be no more dogs and cats within 15 years because they'd all be spayed or
neutered,
you know?
And since,
when does a leathery 90 year old know anything about fucking animals when his
main Gig is the host of fucking game show,
you know,
I love how that fat fuck with the itchy beard.
You know,
he gets all shit for his,
oh,
this document I can never met Michael Moore can never remember people's fucking
names.
Is that the same guy who,
who
doesn't Michael Moore look like the son of that other fat dude with the itchy
beard,
but it's all white.
You know,
he sort of looks like in a feminine Santa Claus and he wears those red glasses
and he writes like Oscar jokes for,
uh,
Billy crystal.
God,
I suck at names.
Billy Crystal.
You know the guy I'm talking about,
doesn't Michael Moore look like the son of that fucking guy?
Hey doesn't this guy who,
I can't remember his fucking name look like the other guy who,
I can't remember his name.
That was really brutal.
I apologize for that.
Let's get back to Cleo.
So cleo was doing fucking great,
but the only,
I only have one problem with her.
Um,
the main problem with her is she does not like men.
She doesn't like guys.
Um,
unless they come over,
they come over to the house,
you know,
we bring them in and they sit down and she can kind of sniff them out.
Then shit is cool.
But when she walks down the street,
um,
you know,
when guy second year is based in somebody's voice,
she's like,
oh,
I don't know.
I'm just such freaking out and a,
I don't know how to stop her from doing it.
I keep disciplining her,
but she,
she really blows me off.
She blows me off with that.
And squirrels,
you know,
she starts dragging me down the fucking street.
I could literally water ski behind this Goddamn Dog.
It's so strong and uh,
I don't know.
Went out to this breakfast place the other day and you know,
this fucking old lady shows up with their husband who has osteoporosis.
You know,
if you don't know what that is,
you ever see all people who look like they're fascinated with their feet,
you know,
that's fucking osteoporosis.
So anyways,
he's fucking comes walking in.
So he looks at my dog who's totally chill and he just keeps staring at her in
the eyes and then she rah Rah Rah Rah Rah Rah.
And then she fucking jumped up at him.
Fucking 90 year old man.
Cleo,
what's wrong with you
cleo?
Come over here for a second.
You could make your debut here on Monday morning pocket.
Come here.
Come on,
get over here.
Is there a fucking reason?
Come on,
get up here.
Come on.
Is there a reason?
Is there a reason why you fucking try to kill a 90 year old man the other day?
Huh?
That's all you got to say.
Fucking jackass.
She'd seen me jump rope.
I don't know when after the Goddamn Dude,
just sorta lunched
just sort of launched.
This goes probably a veteran of world war two.
Right.
And uh,
then I brought it down and then the old Eddie,
he goes,
is that a Pitbull Bay?
They shouldn't be allowed around paper,
you know,
and I fucking let it go.
Believe it or not.
I did let it go.
I didn't really say really yield fucking bat.
How did you get here?
How'd you drive down the street?
When did you get your fucking driver's license?
Huh?
Do they even have driver's license when you fucking cranked your first
automobile?
Huh?
You're wrinkled up.
Pruny little fucking Twat.
I didn't say that.
I just sat there.
I had respired respectful people.
I mean,
I think that shit,
I just don't say it.
I just sat there.
You know when you do that shit,
when someone's yelling at you and you can't yell back at him,
you don't look at them and you do that shit where your lips disappear and make
that thing,
you'll your lips.
Your mouth is a straight line.
You just sit there nodding,
hey,
she got bail out of our paper by at night way or I could get around a goddamn
right parking the car.
And I just sat there nodding as everyone else is looking at her.
And then it was funny as hell because my dog was totally chill until that evil
old couple showed up.
Like I'm blaming them now,
right?
So after she tells me basically my dog should not be allowed around people,
which is fucking true in a lot of ways.
She walks around the corner and then there's just some cute little,
I want to play Frisbee dog.
And the second they came around the corner,
that dog started freaking out.
So you know,
maybe it wasn't my dog.
Cleo,
can you do me a favor?
Can you just not,
if you're going to bite somebody,
I'm going to have to go to court.
Okay.
And they're probably going to use this podcast is evidence.
You know,
God help me.
If they have used his podcast,
he knew what was going to happen and he called her an old code.
Now if you could do me a favor.
Hey,
look at me Cleo.
No,
fuck you two.
Just don't make it.
Somebody old.
Give me a chance.
Just give me a chance to maybe win the court case.
Okay.
You liked that.
That's what she does.
When I give her a good scratch,
she starts fucking mountain.
Ah,
what the fuck am I going to deal with you?
How the hell did you show up in my life?
You know what I like about you though?
You don't ask me to do shit that I don't want to fucking do.
And then when I say I don't want to do it,
you don't act all fucking weird.
Like I got a problem.
So anyways,
that was my week.
That was my weekend.
You know what?
I went 20 days without drinking.
And then I,
last night I finally just said,
you know,
I actually got scared that eventually I was going to have a drink and,
but I,
I would have gone like 80 days and then I,
I could never go on a run again of trying to be sober because I know I would
never break if I ever went 80 days being sober,
there's no fuck that would be like,
you know,
trying to beat Joe Dimaggio's hitting streak.
There's no fucking,
it's like,
why even try,
you know?
So I,
I called it quits at 20 and I am ashamed at what I called it quits with.
I went to this fucking bar and I ordered,
went to order a blue moon because I'm a,
I'm a,
I'm a snobby cont,
you know,
give me a blue moon with a little slice of orange in it and I'll sit here with
my legs crossed,
like I'm selling art.
Right?
That's what I wanted to do.
And,
uh,
they were like,
oh,
wait on how I have any,
we're all out how it all out.
And I was like a corona.
Yeah,
we,
uh,
now,
now you don't,
we don't,
we don't have corona.
Chronic.
Yeah.
All right,
let me get you a list of bears.
And they had their list of beers and then I ordered a Miller lite.
She's like,
I don't,
okay.
Yeah,
you're going to kill me.
We just ran out of Miller high and I was like,
bitch,
what the fuck do you have here?
I didn't say bitch.
I looked down at the bar and I did sort of a fucking stupid smile.
And I was like,
what beers do you have with your fucking count was underneath it,
you know?
Which is ridiculous because I don't think she was in charge of ordering it.
She's just in charge of,
you know,
selling it or whatever,
serving it.
That's the worst about having a public job.
Will you get a job where you deal with the public is most of the,
it's not your fault.
So not only do you have your job,
the other part of your job is to get yelled at for shit that people above you
did,
you know?
So anyway,
so I ordered a Fuckin Amstel light and it tasted like ass in out.
It tasted like somebody rubbed their armpit on somebody's ass.
That's what a team
that didn't even fuck it makes sense.
It just,
it didn't taste good.
And I had one of those and then I went right back to fucking,
I went back to coax.
I don't know,
I like it.
I like being,
I like going to bars and not fucking drinking.
I kind of,
I'm starting to enjoy it and then watching everybody else get hammered and say
dumb shit that they're going to have to apologize for.
I think I've done that enough in life.
I've apologized enough times.
Have an eye.
All right.
And with that I'm going to get onto some hyping.
Some shit has been a damn good podcast so far.
I feel good.
I'm well rested,
Huh?
Isn't that right Cleo?
You like that?
Don't just
yeah,
she fucking loves it,
Huh?
Right on the rib cage.
Um,
put my dog in a headlock.
You know,
I do that shit come in.
It's almost like the rear naked choke,
just like doing it.
Look at it.
Jesus Christ.
Fucking size of your nipples.
What kind of message are you trying to send out there?
Hi,
you little whore walking around trying to get some doggy Dick.
I've seen you sniffing every fucking blade of grass.
You to be ashamed of yourself.
That's not how we raised you.
Then again,
you were down by the river for Awhile,
Huh?
And Yeah,
you are definitely hungry.
But you were eating,
Huh?
How did you get all those meals?
Cleo?
How many Douggie Dick's did you have in your mind?
Right?
That's fucking weird.
All right.
Ah,
you don't really notice about dogs is um,
their,
their front legs.
Um,
which are my world are the arms and the back legs.
Uh,
they bend the exact opposite as a humans.
I've never noticed that before.
You know?
Well,
I guess down towards the bottom they do now wait a minute.
The front ones do.
I'm an idiot.
They been the same way.
The front ones.
Dubin the same way.
All right,
you got me on that one.
So that's sort of like its wrist and it's elbow,
but the back legs,
that's what it is.
They're fucking dare a their knee.
Their knee joint goes the opposite way.
In fact,
your fucking look at that,
yo,
your Patella is behind your leg.
You see it as,
this is why you can't get a job in the real world.
Cleo,
your fucking knees are on the wrong side of your legs.
You know that.
Other than that,
you don't have a shirt on.
You're fucking nipples showing to the world.
You get a job at the circus.
You know I'm not trying to be a dick here,
but why don't you fucking kick him for some rent every once in awhile I got to
buy another big bag of fucking dog food.
Look at,
you're just laying there like he can't hear me.
You know what I'm talking about?
Leave your fancy new collar.
Huh?
Gee.
Last owners do that.
I don't think so.
This is an abusive relationship here.
All right,
let's move on here.
Let's,
let's talk about some shit that I have that I have going on.
I don't know why I had to say that twice that I handled that I have.
Oh look at that.
I'm learning how to play.
Shoot.
That's row.
Shoot the thrill,
the video tutorial.
Anybody out there play a guitar?
You want to a good youtube [inaudible] this is Guy Solo Dallas.
He's got all these fucking uh,
ACDC songs.
He shows you how to play a man.
It's a,
I don't know.
And then you can be the head at your next party.
Such a fucking loser.
All right,
let's get back to what the hell I was talking about here.
This is what I got coming up.
You notice how it was a great podcast until I said it was a great podcast and
now I'm not living up to it.
Um,
anyways,
this is what I got coming up this week,
Friday,
Saturday and Sunday.
I'm going to be at the punchline in Atlanta and I'm coming up in September.
I'm going to be at the helium comedy club in Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.
Uh,
September 10th through the 12th and I added a date.
I added two dates.
One is for all you California people.
All right.
And I really need you to show up for this one because the costs are basically
paying me like fucking $5 in a new pair of shoe laces because they don't feel
that I can draw out here in California because,
uh,
because I'm a white guy,
I think,
you know,
not a lot of white guys out here.
You know,
that was my big mistake.
I should've gone out,
laid in the sun.
I just would have been all red.
He would have thought I was a native American.
They would've booked me in a fucking casino.
Anyways,
I'm going to be at the,
uh,
the Improv in Ontario,
California for four fucking days.
September 17th,
18th,
19th,
and 20th for the love of God could you and 48 of your closest fucking white,
black,
Mexican,
Asian,
whatever you can grab,
please bring them out to those shows because it sucks,
man.
I live out here in la.
There's three clubs that I could be playing,
you know,
where I could actually not have to fucking jump in an airplane.
I want to play Los Angeles area.
I really would like to,
but I really need you mother fuckers to show up because if you don't show up,
I can't play out here anymore because they offer me $5 in a new pair of shoe
laces.
Okay.
And uh,
I said fuck it.
I'll do it for that Gig and I'm going to show that I can draw out here so that
can come out here,
you know,
and not have to get on a plane every fucking week.
All right.
So I added that date.
And then the other date that I added was I added a date and Seattle,
Washington at one of my favorite clubs,
uh,
giggles comedy club,
for December 10th,
11th,
and the 12th.
And I scheduled that around a Seattle Seahawks home game mother fuckers.
And when I go to that,
that is going to be my 100 franchise that I've seen.
Actually,
no,
it won't be because I'm doing the Tempe pm problems,
see the Phoenix Suns and I'm going to come in a day early for Seattle so I can
go to a Portland trails trailblazer's game.
Cause I have OCD,
I have to go to all of them.
Why do I have to go to all of them?
I don't know why.
That's what I do on the plane.
I sat there and I check them off like the fucking rain,
man.
I'm a Weirdo.
So anyways,
when I go to all of those,
I'll basically have bend to everything out here,
west of Denver,
everything,
all the way up Edmonton,
all of that shit.
I've been to all of them.
And you know what?
It hasn't filled me up a bit.
I'm still fucking empty.
All right,
that was sad.
That was just sad.
Let's get back to,
uh,
you know what?
I gave you guys some homework last week.
Uh,
I told you to go out and go see the movie,
the orphan,
because I wanted to make fun of that movie,
but I didn't want to ruin it for you.
So if he didn't go and see it,
that's your own God damn fault.
And you probably want to fast forward through the next four minutes of this
podcast because I want to talk about this movie.
It's a horror movie that I,
uh,
I actually loved.
I loved it even though it kind of stunk.
It was,
it reminded me of a horror movies from the 1980s.
And,
uh,
one of the things that,
there was always the requirement of is that you had to have,
oh,
do you hear that alarm?
If I told you what kind of car that was,
it's like a fucking 1988.
No,
it's not that nice public in 1991 Honda accord a site,
you know,
it's the classic,
nobody's going to steal that car.
And every time a truck drives by or somebody says I don't want to do it,
and they punched the top of their bureau,
it sets the fucking alarm off in that God damn car.
And uh,
I dunno.
I think it's funny because it's far enough away where it's not annoying to me,
but I know it's fucking driving somebody up the wall.
Isn't that right Cleo?
Huh?
As you go to look at me
and she puts her head back down,
she doesn't give a fuck.
All right,
so that movie,
the orphan,
if you haven't seen it,
have you driven by any sort of bus stop or anything?
It's that one that has that really psycho look,
an eight year old on it and it says,
uh,
there's something wrong with the,
what the fuck is her name?
It's not ama.
It's one of those old person named Emma,
not Elvira.
Ah,
Shit.
See this how my brain works now I'm fucked.
What the fuck is that little twats name?
There is something wrong.
Ah,
Christ,
whatever it says.
There's something wrong with this fucking chick.
Eight year old girl with an old person's name.
All right,
so you go to watch the fucking movie.
Basically she's an orphan.
This couple comes down.
They want to,
you know,
they want to adopt a kid for some fucking reason.
So they,
they pick this girl who is dressed like she's from the 18 hundreds and she has
like a piece of thread around her throat that she won't take off and her wrist a
few times.
People try to remove it at the orphanage and she completely freaks out,
sell the whole time.
She's being a fucking psycho.
She's trying to kill their natural kids and um,
you know,
their life was basically fine and then they get this kid and everything are the
fucking house catches on fire,
all this fucked up stuff.
But one of the requirements of old school horror movies is,
is you have to have unbelievably stupid people in it.
And um,
I actually,
the,
the white people in this movie were so fucking dumb.
I almost got offended.
I almost like wrote a letter.
It's like they got this giant tree fort and the dude looks,
he looks out the window and the fucking thing is engulfed in flames as his
natural son is hanging from the tree trying not to fall,
which he does and ends up in intensive fucking care.
And the fucking wife is sitting there going like,
I think there's something wrong with this fucking chick with the old person
named that dresses like she's in the 18 hundreds and the kicker,
she has a Transylvanian accent
Ivonne to play the piano.
What?
I can't even fucking do it.
She's just,
it's like you're a psycho.
Get the fuck out of my life.
Right?
Then she starts killing people.
People start disappearing right and fucking left and they're sitting there,
the Cabrillo,
what's going on?
She's being so weird.
All right,
so basically in the end,
what you find out,
what's wrong with the girl is that she's not eight years old.
She's actually 33 she has,
she has some sort of disease that makes her look like she's eight and she used
to be in an insane asylum because she murdered her family and she escaped
somehow from Germany.
She somehow escaped the Issei and asylum,
got herself in an orphanage with no fucking passport,
no paperwork whatsoever,
got herself into an orphanage in America,
and the kicker is she somehow went to a dentist who agreed to make her a full
upper and a full lower denture of children's teeth,
which she pulls out in the end as you're discovering that she's 33 years old and
then this little fucking dwarf,
middle-aged psycho cunt comes in and somehow is able to stab to death an adult
I,
it was just the stupidest fucking thing I was.
It was great.
It's just a fucking,
and even though I told you everything basically that happens,
it's still a fucking hilarious movie.
It was weird.
Somebody wrote this great email to me.
They were so pissed that I told him to go see the movie.
They said,
I've never been absolutely terrified while laughing my ass off for 90 minutes in
my entire life.
And that is the experience of the orphan.
It's just a fucking great stupid movie.
I don't know,
it just remind.
Anyhow,
I had all the cheesy lines.
She's crawling out of the pond,
Mami Save,
you save me.
And then she's like,
for the last time I'm not your fucking mother.
And then she kicks her right in her fucking 33 year old,
eight 58 year old face and she goes back down to the bottom of the pond.
And I guess that was supposed to be the applause break,
which it would have got if it was still 1984 but whatever,
it's,
I don't know.
As much as I just trashed it,
it's still a good movie.
I felt bad for the actor playing the dad in the movie because I just pictured
him in between takes trying to figure out how he could be that guy and just
looking at the director going sell basically my characters a fucking moron.
Right.
So in this seed I'm still a moron who can't put one and one together and get,
um,
maybe,
you know,
cause nothing caught on fire.
And then woman was murdered in my house before we got the fucking chick who
sounds like she's doing a Dracula impression.
Maybe I could put those two fucking numbers together and guess that it's,
it's Emma or Ezra or whatever the fuck her fucking name.
Is this something wrong with her?
The fuck is,
I have to look it up.
I got to get this orphan.
Let me type this in.
Cleo.
What the fuck was that?
Psycho chick's name.
Huh?
Orphan show times.
Ah,
you motherfucker.
Plot words.
Keys.
Full cast and crew.
Here we go.
Anyway,
reason there's something wrong with Esther.
Had a fuck that I forget that Esther to cause a little white girl,
Esther.
That's it.
That's an old black woman name,
isn't it?
Esther?
Was that the name of it?
Was that the name of Florida Evan's character or was that the name of the,
of the ugly girl on a San Fran Sung?
It was aunt Esther.
That was,
yeah.
And therefore because I saw one person who was black who had that name,
therefore everybody see how I do that?
I like to generalize everybody cause I'm a moron.
All right,
let's get back to the fucking podcast here.
Um,
okay.
Here we go.
Here's some youtube videos.
Did you guys can watch this weekend your cubicles instead of working?
All right.
Um,
let me see here.
What do we got here?
All right,
so I noticed a lot of them because the first one that I nominated was really
violent.
Most of these youtube videos that people are nominating involve somebody getting
punched in the face.
Like here's one British directors slammed into a table.
This is,
um,
Twat on Twat crime just to let you know it's female versus female and um,
it has a WWF quality to it.
When the lady gets slammed,
she puts her arms out like the way they do when wrestlers pretend to slam their
heads off a table.
Um,
but for all of you who don't like violence,
I have a couple of Nice ones.
Here's one for you.
Cute puppy whistle.
Look up that one and tell me that won't melt your fucking Cheerio's if they're
meltable.
Um,
in,
there's another great one.
This one,
Jerry needs no help playing with his ball.
And I know that sounds like a porno,
but I swear to God it's an adorable video.
Jerry needs no help playing with his ball.
Just write this down on a little post it and act like you're taking notes and
looking at a spreadsheet.
Um,
here's one for the guys,
a fat kid on a bicycle.
Um,
I challenge you to watch this and not fucking laugh your balls off.
And it's great if you just,
you know what's great is after the kid falls off,
if you look really closely at what happens is,
is when he goes flying over the handlebars in his fucking meatball body lands.
You have anybody who's played sports has done this,
she ever get tackled in football,
in your arms,
underneath you,
in your fucking elbow basically goes into your spleen,
up under your liver and then fucking,
you know,
smashes into your heart.
That's basically what happens to this kid and he makes it,
he makes the greatest impact.
You want to hear the noise?
Tell you what I'll play.
I'll play the audio and I'm going to test your willpower that if you're going to
actually hear the fucking audio to this and not watch it,
you're definitely,
you have.
You have some serious fucking willpower.
Let me type this in real quick.
Fat,
there's a lot of audio on this one.
I had my dog fat kid.
Wait a minute.
What the fuck?
I just messed that up.
Fat Kid on a bicycle.
I'm sorry I can't type with one hand.
Just bear with me children.
Just bear with me.
Just talk amongst yourselves.
Do you have ever have that when your teacher was going through a divorce and
she'd start breaking down?
Just talk amongst yourselves.
That kid on a bike.
See
Co Bam.
Come on.
Where the fuck is it?
Oh,
that's great.
Bill,
you gave me the wrong.
Maybe it's fat kid falls.
Ah,
you fucking asshole.
Bill Fed.
I wrote fat on a bicycle.
That'd be disgusting.
It was just a bag of fat.
All right.
Fat Kid on a bicycle and I get the same videos.
Fat Kid fall on a jumping on a bike.
Where is his mother
fucker?
I'm the worst.
I swear to God.
It's funny.
You're not gonna be able to find.
Now I have to fight.
Oh,
there it is.
Fat Kid on a bicycle.
I got it.
Here we go.
Listen to this audio.
All right,
here he comes.
Here he comes.
Cool.
Oh awesome.
Funniest fucking thing ever.
And he's got big fat thighs.
He's got these little booty shorts on.
Ah,
God,
that's a fucking great one.
There's nothing better that way is,
it's so funny to watch somebody get hurt.
I don't know why.
Anyways,
here's another one,
and I know this,
this one has a couple of your kid's ears here,
but this one is called [inaudible],
Smasher,
c u and T.
Smasher.
And I know that sounds like,
you know,
somebody just give somebody an uppercut to the baby maker.
That's not what happens.
Believe it or not,
this is actually,
it's a male stripper.
And I swear to God,
I think it's Bobby blots,
sir from rat.
That's what it looks like.
Um,
it's,
you might want to fast forward through some of it,
but it's just fucking,
it's hilarious.
Um,
it's gotta be from like 1988 just judging by the guy's fucking hair metal hair
and he's spinning these knives around and it's just a classic why guys are not
sexy.
And women guys I think turn women on if they're like doing shit,
you know,
you come over,
you're fucking the,
the cable guy and you're installing cable,
you know,
and you bend over and you'd Dickies.
I don't fucking know.
You know what I mean?
That's how women get turned on.
They see some guy with a little yellow hard hat and he's up a telephone pole.
Oh wait,
God,
he can fix it up.
I want to blow him.
Right.
I don't know how they find a sexy,
but I know it's not wearing a fucking leather jumpsuit spinning around kitchen
knives.
That really,
I don't know.
But you got to watch it.
That's,
that's a great one.
Um,
and these are all recommended by people,
by the way,
other than fat.
Get on a bike.
That's one of my favorite ones.
I'm gay.
Weatherman is a grace.
Great one.
Uh,
there's another one,
worst blooper ever.
And uh,
then there's another good one,
a British punch.
Just look that up at some British dude who gets punched in the face.
And his reaction is a stereotypical British where it's just really polite.
Where'd you go and do something like that?
I came up the fuck he did.
The guy gets punched in the face and he doesn't attack the other kid.
He doesn't laugh.
He why?
Why'd you go?
I can't even with the F,
I can't do fucking accents.
I don't even know why I checked those out.
Instead of working.
That's what you can do this week.
All right.
Um,
or if he gets sick of working,
what are we up to here?
40 minutes already.
I gotta wrap this up.
I have some,
I have a computer question for you people.
All right.
I have a,
I have the Mac book now.
All the nerds are listening up.
Alright.
Perk in their ears up.
I have a brand new MAC book brand by brand new,
I mean on the less like fucking four months or whatever.
And I got that thing where,
you know,
if I put my hand on the little square thing down there that I don't know what
it's called.
You know the mousy area.
I know if I,
if I flick the cursor to the upper right hand,
all the windows disappear.
If I go down to the lower right,
they separate,
upper left makes it go black.
Lower left,
uh,
makes the four windows and you know,
we can have something in all four windows.
Um,
but my question is,
is I don't know how I do this,
but every once in a while I do something on the mouse area accidentally.
And what happens is,
is I'll have two windows open and when I click on one of the windows,
the other window goes exit stage right off of my thing.
And then if I click the other one,
then,
then it comes back while the other one goes exit stage left.
And sometimes I want to look at both fucking windows.
How do I make it stop doing that?
So I guess I want to know how do I make it do that?
And then how do I make it stop doing that?
Because I want to stop yelling at my computer like it's a person.
I hope I explained that correctly.
And with that,
let's move on to a revenge story.
Remember that topic?
All those great stories.
Remember how everybody had his story,
uh,
how they,
you know,
how you got revenge was basically you didn't confront the person.
You basically fucked up some of their personal property.
And a lot of people sort of came to the conclusion that that really wasn't
revenge as much as it was sort of a bitchy little move where here's a great
revenge story done by a guy.
This is a fucking great story.
I wish I lived this story.
All right,
here we go.
I grew up in Brooklyn,
New York.
Uh,
many years ago when I was in the sixth grade,
I was 11 years old.
There was a guy named PJ used to torment me all the time.
He'd bully me,
bully me,
and rob me of my money every time he saw me.
This lasted for about four years.
As I became a teenager,
he stopped trying to rob me,
but he was,
he still tried to intimidate me every chance he got.
So one day in the summer we were playing five on five basketball and there was
about 40 guys standing all around the court watching the game.
I got the ball on the steel and the only guy back on defense was PJ.
As I drove to the hoop,
he jumped to block my shot and I dunked right in his face.
The whole park exploded.
Guys were running to the court yelling and laughing at PJ's.
Pj,
the screams were so loud.
My friends who lived a block away heard the noise and came running to the park
to see what happened.
The look on PJ's face was priceless.
He was humiliated in front of just about everybody we mutually knew at that
time.
Um,
I went on to play Division One college ball and had success,
but nothing ever compared to that day.
I remember it like it was yesterday at an happened over 20 years ago.
He never spoke or bothered me ever again after that day either though.
That story is the Shit,
you know?
Can you imagine Duncan on some asshole is treating you like shit?
You know what I thought it was,
and I'm going to go out on a limb here and get,
you know,
at the risk of being called a racist again.
I'm going to guess that that was a black guy.
Not too many white guys have a story of how they got revenge was they fucking
stole a ball.
Somebody jumped up to block their shot and they basically jumped over him and
dunked on him.
You know,
I dunno.
Maybe,
I'm just saying right.
I mean I,
I was at my,
in my white brain,
what I was thinking was everyone was there at the basketball game and you're
going to do the meatballs thing and pulled down his shorts.
See
that's what you have to do when you can't jump when you don't have that fucking
option.
Cause I don't care how many fucking,
how many,
whatever jump shots you throw in somebody's face.
It's not the same.
That's like you,
you just fucking attacked.
I mean,
I dunno.
Getting dunked on,
I mean that's,
that's right up there with just sleep.
She minds are just slapped his mother right in his face.
I think.
That's fantastic.
That's what I want to nominate.
That is,
that's the one of the best revenge stories ever because it wasn't sneaky.
It wasn't bitchy.
It was right in the dude's face and a and it had the desired effect.
The guy never fucked with them again.
And I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this dude had the last laugh.
So congratulations Jesus Christ.
That should be like what are those afterschool special movies?
It really had a feel good ending to it and nobody really got hurt so he just got
put in their place.
They should fucking film that story and play it around the holidays just to make
people feel better.
All right,
let's get with questions here.
Um,
hey bill,
I am a big fan of your comedy.
We [inaudible] thank you very much.
Uh,
I was looking for a,
okay,
what the fuck?
I was looking to get some tickets to the DC improv show in October.
I was curious about your thoughts.
Oh,
I was curious about your thoughts on the difference between the early and the
late shows.
I know when you're a pro you can kill whether it's the first,
second or second show on any given night,
but I was just wondering which performance do you prefer and why?
And is the law the single show on Sunday,
the most depressing Gig of the rung of the run.
All right.
You know,
you believe it or not,
I get asked this question a lot of times when people go,
hey man,
I'm buying tickets to your show.
I'm coming Friday.
Which one do you think I should go to?
The early one of the late one.
And the reality is,
um,
you never know.
You never know.
Like this past weekend I was working in the comedy connection in Providence and
I had great shows,
but that one went the standard way where the early crowd was more sober and more
receptive and the late crowd was,
uh,
sort of drunk and not paying attention.
Well,
one of the nights,
it was on the Friday night,
it was like,
uh,
the,
the red sox and Yankees were playing and I guess they went 13 innings or
something like that.
It was into extra innings.
So half of the crowd they're face is glowing by half the crowd.
I mean five fucking people.
But that feels like half the crowd,
their face is glowing because they're watching the pitch by pitch.
Um,
I mean,
who the fuck is into sports to that level?
You know what I mean?
Breaking ball outside too and blood,
you know,
you're gonna fucking,
they don't,
you don't even have that guy saying that,
but would,
and they all watched that shit,
but then you know what the fuck,
but whatever.
So they weren't paying attention.
So the second show kind of sucked on that one.
But,
um,
when I was in Denver,
I had a show where the early show,
they were drunk,
maniacs yelling out shit.
It was still fun.
Um,
so yeah,
dude,
it's a crap shoot just like you,
I have no idea either and I just sort of play off however people are doing it.
But I gotta admit I ever,
I have a really good crowd of people that comes out.
And even when people yell shit out at me,
like I'm,
I don't like it if someone's just trying to be a dick.
But if I say something,
someone has an opinion on it,
they yell it out.
You know,
as long as it isn't every five seconds,
like that really doesn't bother me.
I actually think it's one of the things that makes stand up a cool art that,
uh,
you know,
it's one of the few like public speaking things where like you,
it's kind of a accepted in a way that you can just yell at you fucking Suck,
you know?
I mean,
it happens to bands and that type of shit,
but you can drown them out with your instruments.
I don't know.
I had a fucking,
I mean,
you know,
I'm basically,
this is the only thing I've done in public,
so I really don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
Um,
let's move off to fuck else did I want to say there was something about
provenance.
I wanted to say.
Well,
it's out on my head now.
Um,
okay.
This is how we've been ending a lot of these podcasts lately where all of a
sudden people are sending me these really,
uh,
heavier questions.
This is sort of the,
uh,
the doctor bill section I think is what I'm going to call it because I'm not
qualified no,
that I'm not qualified to answer any of this shit.
But,
uh,
this is another one of these death of a relative things.
So,
uh,
after we had the feel good story,
God dammit,
I should've read the revenge one after this one.
But,
uh,
this one is a sort of depressive,
but not,
not,
I'm just going to shut up and read it.
Okay.
Bill,
my bill,
my mom's oldest sister died from cancer three weeks ago,
eh?
Oh Wow.
What an opening sentence and has one surviving sister,
um,
during the process of going through her things.
All right,
so let's slow down here because this gets confusing.
So you have a mom and she had a sister die and she has one other surviving
sisters.
So it's your mom and your aunt who's alive at this point and your other aunt
died or aunt,
whatever the fuck you're from.
Um,
during the process of going through her things and settling her affairs.
Quite a few interesting secrets have popped up.
For one,
we thought my aunt never owned a car,
but have since found out that she owned several over the last 20 years.
Sounds like the beginning of one of those a and e murder things.
They thought she was quiet,
didn't have any cores.
Um,
for second.
we always thought after two divorces that she had sworn off men.
Turns out,
um,
this gave her license to sample both sides of the fence.
Every race we're fucking above were about chest deep in this one.
I already four sentences in,
have I forgotten to mention that she was an avid collector of books.
Some might call it a obsessive compulsive.
Needless to say,
I have sided with OCD because she has five over 5,000 books in a one bedroom
condo on the lake front here in Chicago.
We have found college era of photos of her half naked with a cigarette in one
hand in various background items that would suggest early seventies era.
Uh,
mostly because the gigantic stereos with turntables and eight tracks slots.
I'm okay.
Um,
through this process,
my mom's middle sister,
I guess this is the surviving one or two kids and families have distanced
themselves from the [inaudible] estate settling process.
While my mom and I have spent 80 plus man hours going through the Condo,
my middle aunt and her family have consistently talked about how busy they are,
uh,
them and that they have all but said,
we don't care how much you've done.
And I,
dude,
you're a little vague here.
Are they getting stuff from the will?
I was a little confused with that.
Um,
but anyways,
I realize I'm,
there was a very complex set of emotions going on here.
Perhaps their show of indifference is because they feel guilty about not seeing
my dead aunt when she was alive.
Perhaps they live in a nearly perfect world and don't want to be bothered.
Perhaps they are unfeeling jackasses and don't care.
It's hard to judge.
I really want to tell them to go fuck themselves and several,
several contact with them once and for all,
once the will is paid out.
Okay.
So evidently I get it.
So they're entitled to some Shit and they're not helping out.
Uh,
but they are family and I was brought to respect family while they apparently
were not,
it pains me to know that they are blood relatives and that their mindset is
indicative of my middle ants upbringing of them.
MMM.
I guess that's surviving aunt.
Um,
I feel lost in sorrow for losing my aunt to cat cancer,
but I also feel lost in sorrow about losing my other aunt and her kids and
families because they are not who I thought they were.
Any advice you could give would be great at dude,
I don't know what to tell you.
MMM.
Yeah.
It's fucked up that they're going to get some money out of this shit and they're
not helping you go through her stuff.
MMM.
But,
uh,
I dunno dude.
How often do you see these?
You know,
I dunno,
I kind of draw the line at your immediate family.
If you're talking about aunts and cousins and that type of shit,
if they're assholes,
they're really,
you know,
like you ever think of how barely your cousins are part of your family tree.
I mean,
you basically have to go up the tree and then back down the tree,
two limbs to get to him.
So fuck them.
They're out.
Right.
I really hope my cousins don't listen to this podcast.
And then your aunt,
I mean,
I dunno.
I Dunno.
It's,
it's your aunt.
Fuck them.
Go with you got fucked them clear out the mortgage and then uh,
yeah,
fuck them.
I mean they sound,
I mean,
the way you've talked about on the kind of sound like assholes,
what do you want to dub it?
Their house smells to the way you've described them.
You want to go over into this smelly house,
you know,
to watch the Billy vests that they bought with your dead ants.
Money.
Fuck them.
Go with your gut.
You know,
at some point you,
you could,
I don't know.
Do you want to have that confrontation?
Yeah,
I think the only weird thing,
the cousins is not a weird thing.
I don't think the fact that they're not involved is,
is a weird thing because a lot of times,
you know,
people can be really separated.
But like the weird thing is your aunt not giving a shit that your other aunt
died because their sisters,
that's just fucking bizarre to me.
But,
uh,
who knows,
maybe a dead and did something to her.
He didn't know that she had 20 fucking cars.
Maybe you should keep sifting through the pictures and uh,
maybe you'll discover something.
I don't know what,
but the,
I don't know what do that advice sucked.
Okay.
I'm not qualified for,
uh,
you know,
I don't know that level of stuff,
but feel free to keep sending me stuff like that cause it must be fun to listen
to me a squirm.
Speaking of that,
um,
here's some shit about,
uh,
you know,
something,
somebody sent me something great about banks trying to help me explain what the
fuck I was trying to say last week,
but really couldn't explain it in an intelligent way.
And I lost the email because I,
I didn't have any internet over the weekend and I had it on my blackberry and I
got rid of it.
But basically this guy was touching on some shit that I had heard before that
basically when you,
if you take a thousand of your own dollars and you put it in a bank,
believe it or not,
the bank can legally loan that thousand dollars out to like nine different
people.
And I don't mean nine people get a portion that totals up to a thousand.
I mean nine people can get $1,000 loan off of the thousand dollars that you put
in.
So
if you're sitting there going,
well then didn't they just invent,
um,
$8,000?
Yes,
they just created out of thin air and,
um,
I don't know if that's why our money really has no value.
They just created out of thin air on this guy was basically explaining that one
of the reasons our money has value is basically the person who takes the loan,
them promising to pay it back,
gives it value.
But,
uh,
I dunno,
I have no idea.
I wish that there was some sort of,
uh,
like home kit where you could make your own bank.
You know what I mean?
The same way people make their own fucking beer in the bathtub or they make
lemonade this,
you know,
that'd be a great fight.
Billy Mays was still alive.
He could sell that shit.
You know,
I'm Billy Mays.
I use soak,
I put in your money in the bags and having a blown out to a budget cut.
We don't even pay it back.
So then you fucking lose [inaudible] you're out personal bag.
He basically showed you how to convert your garage into a brick fucking,
I dunno what have some homeless guy that will be your security.
You just have some homeless guy that smells so fucking bad.
You know,
granted all your money would smell,
but like no one would go near.
I don't know what the,
I don't know what to tell you,
but I,
I feel like an idiot every week taking my money and then putting it into a bank.
But there's no other fucking options,
you know,
short of sticking it in my mattress,
you know?
And then you make yourself a target,
you know,
hey,
you see that skinny red over there?
It doesn't have to fight a,
he's got a fucking thousand dollars in his pillowcase.
Hey guys,
here,
you want to play Frisbee?
Let's get blasted in the face.
And not only am I out of thousand bucks,
I have to buy a new pillow because I noticed that's one thing about when people
steal,
they have to ruin your place too.
They have to ransack it.
They can't just reach into your pillow.
It's wide open.
Just reach in and take it.
Nah,
I got to rip it off and fucking stab it up.
You know
something about putting on a cat suit that makes people extra destructive.
All right.
Anyways,
that's the podcast for this week.
I hope to see you guys out at my show.
I am getting geared up for my special,
I'm not drinking,
I'm not boozing,
so please don't tempt me when I'm out there.
But if you want to show me your tits,
that is fine and I will happily sign them.
See,
there's a balance to my life also.
Um,
please try to see if you're anywhere near Ontario,
California.
Please come out to my show out there.
I would really love to sell a bunch of tickets out there because,
um,
I don't have much of a presence here in the lower California area.
I don't have anything in San Diego.
I got nothing going on in the greater la area and I usually don't plead with
people to this level to come to my shows,
but I am right now.
All right.
I'm like fucking a,
what's his fates and that,
that fucking Miller's crossing.
Look into your heart.
Look into you John.
Turturro.
What a great movie that is.
I
finally saw that one the other day.
Wasn't that a great,
you guys want to hear cleo getting scratched one more time to hear what fucking
a ecstasy sounds like.
No Watch.
She won't do it.
Here we go.
Cleo.
There you go.
That wasn't as good as yelling once.
Whatever,
go fuck yourself.
This is life.
That's how it goes.
All right,
and let me know how this works out.
Is it a smaller file and all that type of shit?
You guys have a good week and a,
I will talk to you next Monday,
although we'll be a little bit later cause I am flying back from,
from Atlanta on,
uh,
on Monday.
So there you go.
All right.
So then I'll be like,
dude,
where the fuck is it?
It's common.
It's always coming.
All right.
It might be a little fucking late,
but it is coming.
All right,
you guys have a good week.
[inaudible]
[inaudible].